[doc] Document scroll service (#532)
homeday-de/homeday-blocks: src/services/README.md

const randomInts = generateUniqueNumbers(amount, min, max);
// [2, 3, 5]
```

## Scrolling

> We provide a collection of fuctions to manage elements position and the page scrolling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a collection of functions to manage elements position and the page scrolling.
```

### elOffset
Given an element, returns its sizing and position from the top left of the document.
```javascript
const fistHeadingPositionAndSize = elOffset(document.querySelector('h1')); 
// {top: 111.5, left: 25, width: 1352, height: 51}
```

### getDocumentHeight
It gives the height of the document.
```javascript
const documentHeight = getDocumentHeight(); // 4157
```

### isWindowFullyScrolled
Returns a boolean indicating if the document is scrolled until the very bottom.
```javascript
const theDocumentIsScrolled = isWindowFullyScrolled(); // false
```

### freezeScrolling/unfreezeScrolling

> Those functions encapsulates `disableBodyScroll` from [*willmcpo's body-scroll-lock*]((https://github.com/willmcpo/body-scroll-lock)) . Them allows to freeze/unfreeze the document scroll, keeping it allowed on the target element passed as argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These functions encapsulate `disableBodyScroll` from [*willmcpo's body-scroll-lock*]((https://github.com/willmcpo/body-scroll-lock)) which supports iOS browsers. They allow freezing/unfreezing the document scroll, keeping it allowed on the target element passed as argument.
```

### isElVisible
Returns a boolean indicating if the argument element is currently visible in the document window. It accepts as an argument an **object** and uses two properties:

`param {Object} el: the DOM element to check`
`param {Number} [offset=0]: an offset from the top for element to be considered visible`

### isScrolledPastElBottom
Returns a boolean indicating if the bottom edge of the element passed a vertical position from the top of the document (offset). It accepts as an argument an **object** and uses two properties:

`param {Object} el: the DOM element to check`
`param {Number} [offset=window.innerHeight]: the value to check the bottom of the element. It's default value has been chose to check, as default, if the element is scrolled past the bottom of the window.`

### scrollToEl
Scrolls the window to the top of a given element. It accepts as an argument an **object** and uses three properties:

`param {Object} el: the DOM element to scroll to`
`param {Number} [offset=0]: scrolling offset to the element.`

> `param {Boolean} [onlyIfNotVisible=true]: scrolls to the element only if this is not visible. The check of the visibility is made with isElVisible described above`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`param {Boolean} [onlyIfNotVisible=true]: scrolls to the element only if it's is not visible in the viewport. The check of the visibility is made with isElVisible described above`
```

Author: Gold
